(rock music)
♪ All the faces, all the voices blur ♪
♪ Change to one face,
change to one voice ♪
♪ Prepare yourself for bed ♪
♪ The light seems bright
and glares on white walls ♪
♪ All the sounds of Charlotte sometimes ♪
♪ Into the night with
Charlotte sometimes ♪
♪ Night after night she lay alone in bed ♪
♪ Her eyes so open to the dark ♪
♪ The streets all looked so strange ♪
♪ They seemed so far away ♪
♪ But Charlotte did not cry ♪
♪ The people seemed so close ♪
♪ Playing expressionless games ♪
♪ So many other names ♪
♪ Sometimes I'm dreaming ♪
♪ Where all the other people dance ♪
♪ Charlotte sometimes ♪
♪ Sometimes I'm dreaming ♪
♪ Expressionless the trance ♪
♪ So many different names ♪
♪ Sometimes I'm dreaming ♪
♪ The sounds all stay the same ♪
♪ She hopes to open shadowed eyes ♪
♪ On a different world ♪
♪ Come to me scared princess ♪
♪ Charlotte sometimes ♪
♪ On that bleak track see
the sun is gone again ♪
♪ The tears were pouring down her face ♪
♪ She was crying and crying for a girl ♪
♪ Who died so many years before ♪
♪ Sometimes I dream ♪
♪ Where all the other people dance ♪
♪ Charlotte sometimes ♪
♪ Sometimes I dream ♪
♪ The sounds all stay the same ♪
♪ Sometimes I'm dreaming ♪
♪ So many different names ♪
♪ Sometimes I dream, sometimes I dream ♪
♪ Charlotte sometimes crying for herself ♪
♪ Charlotte sometimes dreams
a wall around herself ♪
♪ But it's always with love ♪
♪ With so much love it
looks like everything else ♪
♪ Of Charlotte sometimes ♪
♪ So far away ♪
♪ Glass sealed and pretty ♪
♪ Charlotte sometimes ♪